Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now as well, users are going to be able to upload an image.
So now what we can do is we can have a default image over here.
Then on top of that default image, that will have a camera icon.
So that icon is clicked is going to give a pop up to the user.
So users are going to be able to choose to upload the image from the gallery or camera.
Okay, so they're going to do this.
Now, like I said, we're going to do this at the top.
That's over here.
So what you can do is you can make that widget, this first widget.
So it's going to be above the first test field.
Okay.
Good.
So now, like I said, that create a default image over here.
Then on top of that, the fourth image, you're going to have a camera icon.
Okay.
Now in that up this widget on top widget above using a widget known as stock.
So all their revenue use is packed with that.
Now the reason for that is basically they want to place another widget on top of that ticket.
Okay.
This is going to take multiple widgets.
It adds the teacher most of all, and this is going to do it really close.
Okay.
Now, the first widget we're going to need is a circle circle avatar.
Now they're going to give a radius of 64.
That's around.
We want it to be okay.
Now, it will have the background color for us.
That's as if the image can't load.
We just want a color of colors that you.
Okay.
Now as well.
We're going to have a background image which for now for the purpose of automotive show you this was
a let's work image then I'm just gonna say profile pics.
Okay.
Now if we should save this, everything gets an hero and the hero is going to get thrown at the vehicle
and it's going to crash our heart.
Okay.
Now, to get rid of this, you can see over here it is spits instead of B and so on.
But we are just giving it says that is for five weeks so that we get on here.
If we should save this right now, this error is going to get thrown at our vehicle which will eventually
crash our have now enough to get rid of that.
What we can do is first of all, I can't really see the debug icon over.
So what I can do is use control and minus two now to reduce the size of the support.
Then I'm going to go to just debug although I can now you can see we have this breakpoint nice for any
reason you can see this.
What you're going to see for us is all stock.
They're going to click on that stock and click on this breakpoints.
Okay.
Now you can see we have this breakpoints of I now you can see this is all caught by.
Right.
So what I want to do before is just check whatever is on.
Check it.
So make sure you check this.
Okay.
So now you're sick of the.
Get in here.
What's the error?
Is a little get thrown at you.
Yes, you could, but it's going to get thrown at your TiVo console so your app is able to crash.
Okay.
So now I lose control and lost again, not to make this sport more bigger.
Now going to switch on B, okay.
This is too big.
Okay.
Let's see if this is okay.
Right.
Okay, so that's now we can use control and this to save this now.
Okay.
Okay, go check it out.
It is a device that you go to check out the book or so.
The bulk of.
So you're going to see this area.
It's not because of that.
Because I've checked.
You're going to get thrown at the vehicle, which will eventually go to crash our great.
Okay.
Now this is the first widget.
Then you're the widget.
We're going to have a special place on top of this image.
Right.
So what I will do is symbol had a critical mark.
Now this stock has a property as well known as position.
Okay.
Position.
I'm going to have a container.
Or we can just get rid of the container.
We don't really need it.
It is going to say, I can't.
Okay.
In this movie, I call that.
On this score
for two.
Okay.
They put it back.
Let's see if we need another additional color.
Okay.
We'll check it out.
So you can see the value.
Now, what we can do is we can take these to this side.
Okay.
So in this position, we can give a total of 80.
Now let's check it out.
What's it does?
Okay.
Oh, you?
Yes.
I left my notes and.
This is no war.
Why?
But the.
So you're going to take it to the right.
Right.
So what you can see is.
Zero.
But this is going to go to the.
Right.
Okay.
Now for the bottom end of the semanas.
It's a first to see what, guys.
Okay.
You can see this again.
It's the.
So most of the time they say you just have to try it out.
I'd say, but it should be.
Okay.
Just give a chance for us to see what it does as well.
Okay, great.
I think this is what we want off of the record.
Yes.
If I could take it would be like this.
Okay.
Good.
Now, what you're going to do is get a space between this and this.
Right.
So as well, you know, now a going to use is six books.
Then they're going to give this space vertically.
So there's going to be heights of 20 as well.
Okay.
When you click on any of this.
There you can see we got this error and I have to get rid of this error.
What we can do is the is it is finding it difficult to scroll.
So what we can do is we can grab this with this scroll.
With that, you have to make this page scrollable.
Got to do this.
What we just have to do is over this column, but it's got to add dots and that cannot be permitted.
We get it.
We get this known as single slide, single child scroll view.
So by doing this will make the side of the page scrollable.
Okay.
So finance to save.
Like I said, is gone, but we get pushed off at the top.
So now what we can do is over this continent.
Now you can see the alignment and alignment alignment center.
Okay.
And it's going to take it to the center.
Great.
Now you can see.
The page is now scrollable, and he does have that fixed area in the middle.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you next lecture.